Version 0.2.0 release (without new services) (#48)
nemtech/symbol-bootstrap: CHANGELOG.md

The changelog format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

## [0.2.0] - 21-Oct-2020

**Milestone**: Hippopotamus(0.10.0.3)

 Package  | Version  | Link
---|---|---
Symbol Bootstrap | v0.2.0 | [symbol-bootstrap](https://www.npmjs.com/package/symbol-bootstrap)

- **[BREAKING CHANGE]** Target folder structure has been changed for scalability. The old target folder needs to be dropped when running this version. Backup the target folder if you need to keep your data!
- **New Command:** `symbol-bootstrap resetData` cleans the peer data and database without dropping the generated configuration.
- **New Command:** `symbol-bootstrap healthCheck` tests if the docker compose network is running locally. `--healthCheck` param is allowed in `start` and `run` commands.
- Allowed `repeat` on a node, a database or a gateway to instantiate them multiple times. This enables you to create large network configurations quickly.

> - Allowed `repeat` in nemesis's mosaic list. Harvest currency can be removed with `repeat:0`.
> - Removed preset `light`. Not it's an assembly for the bootstrap preset `symbol-bootstrap -p bootstrap -a light`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allowed `repeat` in the nemesis block's mosaic list. Harvest currency can be removed with `repeat:0`.
- Removed preset `light`. Now it's an assembly for the bootstrap preset: `symbol-bootstrap -p bootstrap -a light`.
```
